Added more descriptive Readme file. (#2935)
hyperledger/iroha: iroha-lib/README.md

# Hyperledger Iroha C++ library

### Current version of the library was tested and compatible with Iroha 1.5.0

The library was created to provide a convenient interface for C++ applications to communicate with [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) blockchain including sending transactions/query, streaming transaction statuses and block commits.

# iroha-lib

Client library of [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) written completely in modern C++.

> Currently, the latest HL Iroha 1.5 release (`hyperledger/iroha:latest` Docker image) is supported.

Reviewer: I don't know if soon `hyperledger/iroha:latest` will be still for Iroha 1, so I suggest:
```suggestion
Currently, the latest HL Iroha 1.5 release (`hyperledger/iroha:1.5.0` Docker image) is supported.
```

Reviewer 2: Don't worry, we'll make the necessary updates in either case.

## Installation

> Please go through steps below to run the project:

Reviewer: IMO in the section should be command how to build the library with cmake, e.g.:
```
cmake --build ./build --target iroha_lib_model
```

1. Follow instructions from [Iroha documentation](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/getting_started/) to setup and run Iroha peer in [Docker](https://www.docker.com) container.

2. Clone current repository.

> 3. cd `examples` directory. Run selected example.

Author: Added.

4. Consider logs to see if the scenario completed successfully.

> ## Trying example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

Examples describe how to establish connection with Iroha peer which should be also run locally to create a new account and send some asset quantity to it. 

In `examples` directory you can find `TxExample.cpp`, `BatchExample.cpp` and `QueryExample.cpp` files. These files demonstrate main features of iroha-helpers. In the `TxExample.cpp` you can find how to build a transaction with several commands. The `BatchExample.cpp` explains how to deal with batch transactions.
Please explore [examples](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/develop/iroha-lib/examples) directory for more usage examples.

## GrpcClient class

With GrpcClient you should create a connection to Irohad by using one of the `send()` methods.

### Create transaction

To create a transaction you can call a command from a list of commands or create your own from scratch.

``` c++
iroha_lib::Tx(
	account_name,
	keypair)
	.createDomain(
		domain_id,
		user_default_role)
	.createAsset(
		asset_name,
		domain_id,
	    0)
.signAndAddSignature();
```

### Create batch

> 

Author: Added short note.

# Hyperledger Iroha C++ library

> ### Current version of the library was tested and compatible with Iroha v2.0.0-pre.rc.6

Reviewer: Incorrect version, Iroha 2 has different commands and queries.
```suggestion
### Current version of the library was tested and compatible with Iroha 1.5.0
```

Author: Ok

The library was created to provide a convenient interface for C++ applications to communicate with [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) blockchain including sending transactions/query, streaming transaction statuses and block commits.

# iroha-lib

Client library of [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) written completely in modern C++.
Currently, the latest HL Iroha 1.5 release (`hyperledger/iroha:latest` Docker image) is supported.

## Installation

Please go through steps below to run the project:

1. Follow instructions from [Iroha documentation](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/getting_started/) to setup and run Iroha peer in [Docker](https://www.docker.com) container.

2. Clone current repository.

> 3. cd `examples` directory. Build and Run examples ```mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. && make```.

Reviewer: I think it will not work that easily, because to run CMake You need to provide:
```
-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=$PWD/vcpkg-build/scripts/buildsystems/vcpkg.cmake
```
______________
I managed to run example by calling commands (according to [build instruction for Linux](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/develop/build/index.html#linux) in documentation):
```
git clone -b develop https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha.git
cd iroha/
./vcpkg/build_iroha_deps.sh $PWD/vcpkg-build
cmake -B build -DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=$PWD/vcpkg-build/scripts/buildsystems/vcpkg.cmake . -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=RELEASE   -GNinja -DUSE_BURROW=OFF -DUSE_URSA=OFF -DTESTING=OFF -DPACKAGE_DEB=OFF
cmake --build ./build --target batch_example
cmake --build ./build --target batch_example
./build/bin/batch_example 
```

Author: Ok. I simplified description.

- [x] [removePeer](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/commands.html#remove-peer)

## Queries

- [x] [getAccount](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-account)
- [x] [getAccountAssetTransactions](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-account-asset-transactions)queries.html#get-account-assets)
- [x] [getAccountDetail](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-account-detail)
- [x] [getAccountTransactions](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-account-transactions)
- [x] [getTransactions](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-transactions)
- [x] [getSignatories](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-signatories)
- [x] [getAssetInfo](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-asset-info)
- [x] [getRoles](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-roles)
- [x] [getRolePermissions](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/develop/api/queries.html#get-role-permissions)

## Compatibility and release policy

> - **master** branch of `hyperledger/iroha-java` is compatible with **master** branch of `hyperledger/iroha`

Reviewer: iroha-java?

And not "master" branch - currently `develop` branch, but I think the line can be removed (`develop` probably soon will be for iroha2):
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed as well.

> - branches `develop*` are compatible with tagged releases of Iroha. Example: `v2.0.0-pre-rc.9`.

Reviewer: The library is compatible with iroha 1, not iroha 2:
```suggestion
- branches `develop*` are compatible with tagged releases of Iroha.
```

Author: Ok.

> ## Info
> - Iroha API might and will change.

Reviewer: I think that this can be removed - Iroha 1 rather will not have api changes soon (as I know). Probably next year internship project will introduce small changes, but for changes once a year it is better not to "scary" library's users:D.
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed. Not necessary.

# Hyperledger Iroha C++ library

**Current version of the library was tested and compatible with Iroha 1.5.0.**

The library was created to provide a convenient interface for C++ applications to communicate with [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) blockchain. This includes sending transactions and queries, streaming transaction statuses and block commits.

# iroha-lib

Client library of [Iroha](https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha) written completely in modern C++.
Currently, the latest HL Iroha 1.5 release (`hyperledger/iroha:1.5.0` Docker image) is supported.

## Installation

Follow these steps to run the project:

1. Set up and run Iroha peer in a Docker container. [Follow the instructions from Iroha documentation](https://iroha.readthedocs.io/en/main/getting_started/).

2. Clone this repository.

3. Build a project with command.

``` bash
cmake --build ./build --target iroha_lib_model
```

> 4. cd `examples` directory. Run selected example.

Author: Okay. Done.

``` bash
./tx_example
```

5. Consider logs to see if the scenario completed successfully.

## Examples

> Examples describe how to establish connection with Iroha peer which should be also run locally to create a new account and send some asset quantity to it. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Examples describe how to establish connection with an Iroha peer which is running locally. The examples show how to create a new account and send assets to it. 
```
